what's up I'm Roxanne Avalon and on
today's episode we're going to be
talking about infinities brush with
death yeah that almost happened as well
as why kattalai continues to be awesome
as well as some unfortunate news for all
you NASCAR fans out there it looks like
the speed channel won't be around much
longer yikes where am I going to get my
white trash fix who knows stick around
this is inside cars say it ain't so
Nissan Infiniti is about to get axed
well not anymore but that was the case a
couple years ago Nissan's VP Andy Palmer
just revealed towards that his boss
Carlos ngoan proposed to kill off the
luxury brand a few years ago but Andy
and all of his saving grace actually
refused and now there is still a luxury
brand thanks to Andy Palmer going not
just to give you a little bit of
background info Nissan actually launched
infinity in 1989 the same year i was
born so i guess it really was a luxury
year all around the world anyway they
launched infinity to take on the Brits
and the Germans here in the US but
infinity never really took off that well
yeah people pretty much seem to prefer
beamers Benz and Audi FEMA benzin audi
beamer benz an Audi okay anyway yeah and
something tells me that infinities
tactic to rename everything starting
with a Q isn't really gonna help that
much but you know good luck anyway next
up we're gonna be talking about one of
my personal favorites as you guys
already know the one the only Cadillac
holla after winning tons of awards
Cadillac is actually going to be
expanding its 80s lineup to include a
coupe now the 80s is the brand's
smallest car and actually just launched
last year and it's been duking it out
with the lights of the BMW 3 Series as
well as the Mercedes c-class who both
have coups in their lineup so it would
make sense for Cadillac to follow suit
well going back to the theme of
potential goodbyes here's one that might
actually still happen word is that Fox
is moving closer and closer to killing
off the Speed Channel no now if you're a
true car fan you know what the speed
channel is but
if you're not let me fill you in it's
actually cables largest auto network
yeah so Fox is actually thinking of
replacing speed TV with this show just
kidding they're actually thinking of
replacing it with a general sports
network called Sports time with Roxanne
Avalon yeah just kidding again hey we
can all dream right well so only time
will tell to be speed or not to be speed
don't do speed but watch speed so they
don't cancel it hey if it doesn't at
least we won't have to watch anymore old
white guys buying up Batmobiles for
ridiculous amounts of money which I'm
not gonna lie is kind of my guilty
pleasure sue me all right it's time for
us to shift gears which has nothing to
do with a robot but anyway we're going
to be taking a look at the top five
slowest sports cars that were ever
released allegedly now coming in at
number five it may be number five on the
race of slowest cars but it comes in at
number one on our ugliest cars anyway
it's the Porsche 914 now this was a
joint venture between Porsche and VW and
no one bought it what a shocker maybe no
one bought it because it actually takes
13 seconds to go from 0 to 60 come on I
feel like I could run that fast 13
seconds for a Porsche cheese well I mean
it did have a better model with quicker
specs so it does have some merit but not
enough because apparently made number 5
now in comes the original mazda miata at
number four now the mazda miata hit the
streets back in nineteen ninety and
helped spark a roadster revival but
apparently the standards weren't that
high for sports cars back then as it
becomes very evident in the mazda specs
yeah the puny 1.6 litre engine could
barely push it to 60 in 9 seconds that's
slower than a minivan yeah coming in at
number 3 is Pontiacs Fiero now this
Viera was supposed to be America's baby
Ferrari but instead got stuck with some
cheap-ass engine this car didn't even
produce a hundred horsepower come on I
feel like kids Tonka trucks have more
horsepower than that and it barely
passed a hundred miles per hour for its
top speed no wonder this thing bombed
number two was an easy pick
the delorean yep now this car may be a
movie star but actually turns out to be
a terrible sports car it has about as
much horsepower as you'd find in a Camry
and goes 0 to 60 in over 10 seconds
which to me does not sound like enough
to break the barrier of time and space
but hey I guess where we're going we
don't need roads and coming in at number
one slowest sports card that's on the
done it's an oldie yep the crosley
hotshot now this car goes 0 to 60 in
just about half a minute yeah that means
you could actually go a quarter mile
without even reaching 60 miles per hour
this is just sad the top speed doesn't
even break 75 miles per hour like
seriously how does this thing even
called a sports car this just makes you
want to cry and speaking of things that
make me sad it's time for a distracted
driver of the day take a look oh there
you go see that be that helicopter it's
not the rug oh he's gonna get here
soon god I wish I was behind the wheel I
might take the guy out myself to pit
maneuver on his ass oh oh goodbye so no
Sun Sun Sun Sun so they're sorta oh my
god stop stop stop stop stop completely
yeah just stop right there I thread
that's right there well guys that wraps
it up for today's episode thank you so
much for watching make sure you give us
a little thumbs up and like our video
subscribe to our Channel and of course
don't forget to leave us some comments
I'm Roxanne Avalon and I'll see you next
time on inside cars